emails/README.md, before:

# Emails

Emails can be created to be used within campaigns and other list activities. Emails provide a means for direct interaction with potential customers, clients, and leads.

### Email Formats

Emails can be created in both full HTML as well as basic text format to be delivered as necessary to leads. This is an important part of creating a strong relationship with leads by providing relevant information in the correct format.

### Email Delivery

Emails are delivered using the method defined by the system administrator. If you are the system administrator for your company, then you will need to add the email protocol for your company to use. Mautic integrates with any email service provider which offers SMTP mail servers as well as several distinct services such as Mandrill, Sendgrid, and Amazon SES.

The system can either send emails immediately or queue them to be processed in batches by a cron job.

#### Immediate Delivery ####

This is the default means of delivery. Mautic sends the email as soon as it is instructed to by the triggering action. If you expect a large number of emails to be sent, then utilizing the queue is recommended. Sending email immediately may slow the response time of Mautic if using a remote mail service since as Mautic has to establish a connection with that service before sending the mail. Also attempting to send large batches of emails at once may hit your server's PHP limits or email limits if on a shared host. 
 
#### Queued Delivery ####

This is recommended if you plan to send a significant number of emails. Mautic will store the email in the configured spool directory until the command to process the queue is executed. Set up a cron job at the desired interval to run the command:

```
php /path/to/mautic/app/console mautic:email:process --env=prod
```

Some hosts may have limits on the number of emails that can sent during a specified timeframe and/or limit the execution time of a script. If that's the case for you, or if you just want to moderate batch processing, you can configure batch numbers and time limits in Mautic's Configuration. 

 
### Email Fields

You have access to any number of lead fields to be used in your form emails. These can be easily placed within your emails and will be automatically replaced with the appropriate text once the email is sent.

### Tracking Opened Emails ###

Each email sent through Mautic is tagged with a tracking pixel image. This allows Mautic to track when a lead opens the email and execute actions accordingly. Note that this technology is limited to the lead's email client supporting HTML and auto-loading of images. If the email client does not load the image, there is no way for Mautic to know if the email was opened.

### Unsubscribing ###

Mautic has a built in means of allowing a lead to unsubscribe from email communication. If using the builder, simply drag and drop the Unsubscribe Text or Unsubscribe URL tokens into your email. Or insert {unsubscribe_text} or {unsubscribe_url} into your custom HTML. The unsubscribe text token will insert a sentence with a link instructing the lead to click to unsubscribe. The unsubscribe URL token will simply insert the URL into your custom written instructions.

Commit message:

Describe in detail how to insert lead fields into an email template.

emails/README.md, after:

# Emails

Emails can be created to be used within campaigns and other list activities. Emails provide a means for direct interaction with potential customers, clients, and leads.

### Email Formats

Emails can be created in both full HTML as well as basic text format to be delivered as necessary to leads. This is an important part of creating a strong relationship with leads by providing relevant information in the correct format.

### Email Delivery

Emails are delivered using the method defined by the system administrator. If you are the system administrator for your company, then you will need to add the email protocol for your company to use. Mautic integrates with any email service provider which offers SMTP mail servers as well as several distinct services such as Mandrill, Sendgrid, and Amazon SES.

The system can either send emails immediately or queue them to be processed in batches by a cron job.

#### Immediate Delivery ####

This is the default means of delivery. Mautic sends the email as soon as it is instructed to by the triggering action. If you expect a large number of emails to be sent, then utilizing the queue is recommended. Sending email immediately may slow the response time of Mautic if using a remote mail service since as Mautic has to establish a connection with that service before sending the mail. Also attempting to send large batches of emails at once may hit your server's PHP limits or email limits if on a shared host. 
 
#### Queued Delivery ####

This is recommended if you plan to send a significant number of emails. Mautic will store the email in the configured spool directory until the command to process the queue is executed. Set up a cron job at the desired interval to run the command:

```
php /path/to/mautic/app/console mautic:email:process --env=prod
```

Some hosts may have limits on the number of emails that can sent during a specified timeframe and/or limit the execution time of a script. If that's the case for you, or if you just want to moderate batch processing, you can configure batch numbers and time limits in Mautic's Configuration. 

 
### Email Fields

You have access to any number of lead fields to be used in your form emails. These can be easily placed within your emails and will be automatically replaced with the appropriate text once the email is sent.  To insert a field into an email template, type `{lead` and it should open a "hint menu" suggesting the fields available for selection.  Click one of these to insert the field.

### Tracking Opened Emails ###

Each email sent through Mautic is tagged with a tracking pixel image. This allows Mautic to track when a lead opens the email and execute actions accordingly. Note that this technology is limited to the lead's email client supporting HTML and auto-loading of images. If the email client does not load the image, there is no way for Mautic to know if the email was opened.

### Unsubscribing ###

Mautic has a built in means of allowing a lead to unsubscribe from email communication. If using the builder, simply drag and drop the Unsubscribe Text or Unsubscribe URL tokens into your email. Or insert {unsubscribe_text} or {unsubscribe_url} into your custom HTML. The unsubscribe text token will insert a sentence with a link instructing the lead to click to unsubscribe. The unsubscribe URL token will simply insert the URL into your custom written instructions.
